* move to SVN/GIT/... ?
* Taverna2 plugin for jaxws
* Gowlab?
* repeatable attributes?

* Juan's StepByStep guide

*
[acd2xml] Processing dottup...
  [acd2xml]     using /usr/local/share/EMBOSS/acd/dottup.acd
  [acd2xml]     (generated into module alignment_dot_plots)
  [acd2xml] Duplicated input name (graph_format) in dottup
  [acd2xml] Duplicated input name (Graphics_in_Postscript) in dottup
  [acd2xml] Duplicated input name (Graphics_in_PNG) in dottup
  [acd2xml] Duplicated output name Graphics_in_Postscript in dottup
  [acd2xml] Duplicated output name Graphics_in_Postscript_url in dottup
  [acd2xml] Duplicated output name Graphics_in_PNG in dottup
  [acd2xml] Duplicated output name Graphics_in_PNG_url in dottup

* Spinet: why needed to click on "Update now"?

---- From emails: ---

* seqretsplit

Type of the outseq output option in seqretsplit is defined as
seqoutall.  In the XML metadata file generated using acd2xml parser
the type of this output is set to "string". Since the seqretsplit
program generates list of files for this output I expect it to be of
type string array.

However I need to investigate whether the seqoutall type is used
consistently in all EMBOSS applications. I said this because I just
found that the splitter application which has the same type produces
either a single file or list of files depending on the -multifile
option.

...

Thank you for pointing these errors in Soaplab and the EBI Soplab
server. I have disabled the 'seqretall', 'seqretset', 'seqrettype' and
'complex' programs in Soaplab CVS version and in the EBI Soaplab
server.

Current acd2xml routine gets the EMBOSS programs list from
$emboss_home/share/EMBOSS/acd directory, an alternative is to use the
EMBOSS wossname program. I made a note to check why EMBOSS copies
these ACD files by default.

*
 - minlen/maxlen

 these two ACD attributes are not transferred into the XML generated
 acd2xml grammar needs updating (I cannot do)

 - env.PATH is not used as thought (at least for EMBOSS jobs)

 I will investigate how we can fix it

 - proper use of "toggle"

 Sebastien's enquiry not yet finalised

*
 Internet Explorer and Spinet
 size of the job boxes are not as good as when using firefox

*
    Max upload size

The only file uploading in Soaplab2 is in the Spinet web interface. At
the moment, it does not provide a property that can limit the size of
the uploaded size, but it would be very easy to add it there. It is a
good idea, and I will do it (but not in the next two weeks - I will be
on a conference and on a vacation in the remote parts of Asia).

*
I don't know if this is just in Firefox, but the navigation links are
at the bottom of the pages in very small font.  On the opening page,
they come after the "Acknowledgment" and so most visitors will assume
that it is not useful information and, if they scroll down to see it
(which is unlikely as it appears "below the fold") will not actually
read it.

*

It could be useful for tests to activate minlength/maxlength (strings)
and minimum/maximum (floats & integers) checks.

But the most important is that these checks are activated with the
client. I have not tested it yet.

